# Tasty Tv Second Project
## Introduction
In this project, the Goal was to create a website that allowed a user to add and remove films from a watch list and a watched list as well as render this information on a page.
I was also tasked with generating reccomendations for the user.
## Technologies Used
* Javascript
* Bootstrap 5.1.3
* The moviedb 3 api (https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction)
## Wire Frames
[WireFrame1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/898233860121317407/916378192854528010/IMG20211203171815.jpg)
[WireFrame2](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/898233860121317407/916378192326041600/IMG20211203171817.jpg?width=507&height=676)

## User Stories

As a user, I want to be able to add a film to my watch later list in order to remember to watch film.
As a user, I want to be able to add a film to my watched list in order to keep track of films I have watched.
As a user, I want to be able to add a film to my watched list or watch later list from the other in order to edit the lists conviniently.
As a user, I want to be able to delete my lists to better facilitate management of my lists.
As a user, I want to be able to access reccomendations to make it easier to find films I want to watch.

## Planning
My planning went into designing wire frames and user stories. From there I looked for an api that would allow me to find films.
I chose to use the moviedb 3 api as it had a large database of films to search from as well as providing urls to images for the website.
I prediced that implementing a search function of this api was going to be the biggest problem in the development cycle so I started doing that.

## Development
As I chose to start with the implementation of the search function, I first created a search bar that updated the useState upon change.
I then took this string and passed it to the search function in the api to generate a list of films related to the search.
As there are multiple pages of results for many of the searches, I decided to only render the first page of results for any given search.
Each rendered film in the search has two buttons, one to designate a film as watched, and the other one to add the film to a watch list
so the user could watch it later.

Once this was implemented, I rendered the watch list and the watched list in their own components similar to the search. These two components
were very similar to each other. I gave every film in both the option to be moved to the other list as well as deleted from the list.

The reccomendations are generated by an API call to moviedb to get a random genre out of availible genres and then rendering the first page
of most popular films.

Once all of this was implemented, I imported bootstrap and bootstrap-react in order to add some basic styling to the page using mostly containers and 
Rows.

## Unsolved Problems

In future iterations of this project, I would personalise the reccomendations to give options based on the most watched genre or possibly 
the most frequent genre on the watch list.

I would also give users the ability to log on. I originally intended to add this feature however I did not due to time constraints.

The largest change I would add, would be the option to load more pages of results from the search call to the api. I did not implement this for this project
however as I do not think it would have showed greater understanding of the content.
